# StudentPub - Senior Project 2022
Hello, this project was worked on by me and my three teammates.

The purpose of this project was to make a website where students of a particular school, can upload items that they own and sell them to other students of the same school. Instead of going to other websites to purchase school materials, students can instead go to this website and purchase anything they need from there. They first look for an item and make a request to purchase it, after that, the seller then has to accept or refuse the request. If they accept, then the seller contacts the buyer of where they would want to have the transaction, if not then the request is denied. If you want to see any requests you have from other people or your own requests, you can do that on the homepage and clicking their respective buttons. You can also leave a review on a buyer's profile page and leave comments as well. If you want to view a singular person's items they have uploaded, you can do that too. If you need to remove any items that you don't want listed then you can delete them also. Finally, in order to log in/sign up, you need to create an account on the website with your school email. This way only students from that school can see the items from other students of that same school.

This project uses javascript as its main language, as well as html for the web pages and bootstrap to help with the design. We use MongoDB as our database to store all the information for the website to use and multiple collections to sort the information. All passwords are encyrpted with bcrypt too. For images, at first we decided to see if we could store them in folders, but that didn't work so we instead turned the images into base64 data urls. With this, we are able to save images with a link and everyone can see the images no matter where you are. Our main server file is index.js and running it with the node or nodemon command makes it run locally. The server file contains all the paths and routes that make the program work, it also includes comments on each route to help label what each part does. We did use render to upload our project and make it work online.

For more information, call me for an interview and I will walk through the steps.
